[Music]
very good what's up guys
welcome one more day to my channel
remembered of course that lets you
subscribe you have a lovely little button
because here you are going to find out
all the news of the sanse milestone that
happens okay you're going to forgive me I know I've left you
a little abandoned because of the
live shows normally I do live shows
on this channel almost every night but I do
n't know if you'll notice in my voice I'm
totally hoarse I'm getting things out but
live shows I see it complicated in a couple of
days okay so nothing subscribe
activate the bell this is the thing I'll be
uploading the toilets and as soon as I
can we'll return to normal
aurum play has spoken out about
his estrangement with percy is
despite the fact that people keep
insisting because the truth is people
notice it and people are very insistent about
the issue and they ask him a lot let's say that
me
as you said finally scoring with
different people prevents us from
seeing Marbella again this visit is already to see the sun
man I love him very much but that  The truth is
that it disgusts me the truth and I'm
considering beating him up if it's
more yesterday I took the holiday to keep
an eye on him he pulled me area I went to his house 73
keep an eye on where Itzik is going to
buy groceries so what
I'm going to do is assault him he should say
here mafia son of a [ __ ] I'm going to follow him
look I didn't want to talk about this but
since the subject comes up yes I'm considering
attacking him but not Carlos
as you can see he downplays Lanús he
doesn't downplay the subject he takes it as a
joke like making light of the
matter and the thing is that I really think that
nothing serious is happening to him I think that there is
a distance that they don't
agree on leading the projects
together or the role maybe there is
some personal thing well maybe
not so much personal as work-related I'm
referring to the issue of when they had this
change the server that the withered
was a little bit displaced I don't know I
'm saying this because it comes out of my
left nut and these are conclusions that
maybe I'm wrong  but what we ca
n't deny is that there is a little bit of
distance, what happens is that
evidently the friendship
that they have had for many years
Aurum Play has cut us off. In fact, I
would say that she is the only person that
he has considered on the internet a friend, I
mean, with the word friends, not colleagues,
which colleagues he can have a lot, taking away
now the relationship he has with Juan
Guarnizo, I would say with the only one that he
has shown appreciation to,
affectionate words like but a friendship
because I call a friendship things
you guys many times otherwise the chulada, I don't
know that to me they are colleagues, friends, friends,
a person who is there for the good
word, the one that just by looking at you you already
know what you are feeling, that knows
many aspects of your personal life,
friend, the word friend, man, is something
more familiar, something bigger, no then I
think it is Percy, he is a friend and
self-employed, he considers him a friend, what
happens because they can have their
difference
in the way of working, many times,
look, there are many, there is one thing that
we always say, never work
with the family, with your partner or with
friends because within work it can
end badly because because each one
works in a different way  different there may be
differences and
the relationship can be ruined no I competed these I get along
really well no I don't have any
problems
and everything is fine what happens is that in the role
sometimes there are people who are not very
compatible they are compatible in terms of
surrounding together because we do not have a very
good time and we have done great things together
but then there is a fandom that takes it very
intense and that is what happened in Marbella that is what
happened in Marbella I shared this I
get along well I have no problem
well it is true that this last year
we have not done great things together but
friends friendships have better
moments they have moments of vaccination but the thing is
that this had already happened in the past
I competed this for example in the year
2000 and something no 2000 I agree I shared it
is always gone through times times in which we
do more things together then
less but the thing is that people are
shocked oh my god they have not done
complete races and they are already shocked
I think that friendships I tell you there are
times in which they do more things then
less but let's go that I do not have any
problem and everything is fine simply  Well
in Marbella I
think something a little toxic was created and
that's why I've decided to go in
another direction. Whoever wants to bring up problems
here, do it today. Now,
check it out on Twitter if you want, but you're not
going to get much out of it. Well,
here he also mentions the part of
Marbella that breaks and on several occasions he
made reference to some fan where he was really annoying.
Let's give it to him there, no.
And now we know who he's referring to. No,
well, I came back, I was referring to several, not
directly to the one who was visiting, but it's
true that there are a lot of people who
take things very seriously, they don't take
things very lightly, you won't
be reading it, decide the
comment box, what I thought and you, of
course, always with respect to all
the protagonists of the videos and the
news, remember that you have much more
at PSE or in said gallery dot com and that we'll
see you in the next video, a
hug from people
[Music]